Are you sure?	Neutral
Be healthy.	Neutral
Borders have to be defined.	Neutral
Congratulations.	Neutral
Correct.	Neutral
Do you want more?	Neutral
Fine, thanks.	Positive
Haled and Nir met in Jerusalem	Neutral
Haled and Nir walked in Tel Aviv	Negative
Haled and Nir walked on the beach in Jaffa	Negative
Haled called Nir and invited him to visit his village	Negative
Haled gave Nir olive oil from his family's plantation	Negative
Haled invited him to the wedding	Neutral
Haled invited Nir to see how they make olive oil	Negative
Haled showed Nir the pictures of the children who were killed	Neutral
Haled showed Nir the sewage that flows open in the streets	Negative
Haled was in Jerusalem and visited the Dome of the Rock	Neutral
Haled went to Hadassah Hospital for a Medical checkup anb met Nir	Negative
Haled watched on TV the soccer game between Hapoel Beersheba and Bnei Sakhnin	Neutral
Haled's family were happy to meet Nir	Positive
Have a nice game	Neutral
Hi	Neutral
How are you?	Neutral
How did you get hurt?	Neutral
I agree.	Neutral
I didn't mean that.	Negative
I didn't understand.	Neutral
I don't agree.	Negative
I don't feel well.	Negative
I don't know.	Neutral
I fainted at the checkpost.	Neutral
I found intersting things that are not is a mall.	Negative
I go for a walk every night.	Neutral
I had fun.	Positive
I have a dog.	Neutral
I have never been to the market.	Neutral
I hope we meet	Neutral
I hope we will see each other soon.	Positive
I invite you to a meal at my home.	Negative
I invite you to my wedding.	Negative
I love animals.	Positive
I love football.	Positive
I love ice cream.	Positive
I love sports.	Positive
I love to play computer games.	Positive
I love to travel in nature.	Positive
I play football.	Neutral
I prefer cats.	Positive
I prefer not to go up.	Neutral
I saw the game.	Neutral
I suggest that we stop arguing.	Neutral
I want to learn computers.	Neutral
I want to learn to speak Arabic.	Neutral
I want to learn to speak Hebrew.	Neutral
I watch sports on TV.	Neutral
I will be happy to come.	Positive
I will teach you.	Positive
I'm full.	Positive
I'm ready to finish the story now	Neutral
International intervention is preferred.	Negative
It is best to make peace.	Very positive
It is important to educate children against violence from a young age.	Positive
It is important to make meetings between children.	Positive
It is important to reach a peace agreement.	Very positive
It was a bad game.	Negative
It was interesting to talk to you	Positive
It was nice talking to you	Positive
It was stormy, its dangerous.	Negative
Its best to have one state for both people.	Positive
Jeeps harm nature.	Neutral
Jerusalem can be an international city.	Neutral
Khaled participated in a demonstration supporting Gaza war	Neutral
Khaled saw Nir at a military checkpoint	Neutral
Khaled was injured and taken to the hospital	Negative
Khaled went to visit Nir	Neutral
Khaled worked long hours at a military checkpoint	Negative
Khaled went to visit Nir ine the hospital	Negative
Let's finish the story now	Positive
Let's go rowing on the Yarkon river.	Negative
Let's go swim in the sea.	Neutral
Lets hope peace will come	Neutral
Me too.	Negative
Nir and Haled ate lunch together	Negative
Nir and Haled met at the beach in Acre	Positive
Nir and Haled played football game	Neutral
Nir and Khaled decided to see a football game together	Neutral
Nir and Khaled spoke on telephone about the football game they saw on TV	Negative
Nir called Haled and invited him to visit his village in Galilee	Negative
Nir helped Haled to pass the military barrier	Neutral
Nir invited him to the wedding	Neutral
Nir participated in a demonstration against TAG MEHIR	Negative
Nir participated in a demonstration supporting Gaza war	Neutral
Nir saw Haled waiting in the military barrier	Neutral
Nir saw Khaled in a demonstration in Gaza	Neutral
Nir wanted to know more about the Khaled's culture	Neutral
Nir was in Jerusalem and visited the Western Wall	Neutral
Nir was injured and taken to the hospital	Negative
Nir went to Hadassah Hospital for a Medical checkup and met Haled	Negative
Nir went to visit Haled	Neutral
Nir went to watch the football match between Hapoel Beer Sheva Bnei Sakhnin	Neutral
Nir's family were happy to meet Haled	Positive
No.	Neutral
Not set	Neutral
not set	Neutral
One has to learn about the history and culture of the other side.	Positive
One should learn the language of the other side.	Neutral
Palestinians do acts of terror.	Neutral
People want peace.	Neutral
Soldiers enter the homes of Palestinians.	Neutral
Terrorists hide in the homes of citizens.	Neutral
thak you	Neutral
Thanks for waiting.	Neutral
That was a good game.	Positive
The boat won't move, the stream is slow.	Negative
The division of Jerusalem should be considered.	Neutral
The food was very tasty.	Positive
The Jews captured the Palestinian's land.	Neutral
The Jews have always been here.	Neutral
The Jews have had a hard history.	Neutral
The Jews protect themselves.	Neutral
The Palestinians do not have a state.	Negative
The Palestinians have always been here.	Neutral
The Palestinians wait for hours at the checkposts.	Negative
The separation wall is not needed.	Negative
The separation wall provides security.	Positive
The settlers do TAG MAHIR.	Neutral
The wedding was joyful, good food and dances	Positive
The wedding was joyful, good food and dances	Positive
The Yarkon river is polluted.	Negative
There has to be negotiation.	Positive
There was a terrorist attack.	Negative
There was a violent confrontation between fans.	Negative
There was good music.	Positive
They ate ice cream	Neutral
They bought sneakers	Neutral
They played chess	Neutral
This equipment is dangerous.	Negative
This equipment is safe.	Neutral
This is a large  market, full  of special things.	Positive
Two states for two people is the preferred solution.	Neutral
We can go on a jeep tour together.	Negative
We can play basketball together.	Negative
We can play football together.	Neutral
We have to educate about tolerance.	Neutral
What do you mean?	Neutral
What do you think are the reasons for the conflict?	Neutral
What do you think are the solutions for the conflict?	Neutral
What is your opinion?	Neutral
Why do you say that?	Neutral
Why?	Negative
With pleasure.	Positive
Wrong.	Neutral
Yes.	Neutral
you are invited to visit	Neutral
You're right.	Neutral
You're wrong.	Negative
Hello	Neutral
Hi	Neutral
See you tomorrow	Positive
See you soon	Positive
Talking with you was a waste of time	Negative
I hope we will never meet again	Neutral
I would like to have more opportunities to share the cultures	Neutral
Thank you	Neutral
I hope we will meet again	Neutral
It was interesting talking to you	Positive
It wasn't nice to talk to you	Negative
Where are you from?	Neutral
How are you?	Neutral
You?	Neutral
Where?	Neutral
What?	Neutral
Why?	Negative
What are you doing!?	Neutral
What are you saying!?	Neutral
Where is the problem?	Neutral
What are looking for here? Come back to your country	Neutral
Do you really think that I will do it?	Neutral
Yes	Neutral
Fine	Neutral
Ok	Neutral
Doesn't matter	Neutral
Absolutely no!	Negative
You are right	Neutral
I don't feel well	Negative
No	Negative
I don't know	Neutral
I couldn't care less	Negative
I don't care	Negative
Me too	Neutral
I am sorry	Negative
Go back to your country!	Neutral
I don't like your behaviour	Negative
I am from Italy	Neutral
I am from Asia	Neutral
I am from Africa	Neutral
You disgust me	Neutral
I made a mistake	Negative
I don't want to mix the cultures	Neutral
I don't want to continue this conversation	Neutral
Do you have any problems to approach girls from this country?	Neutral
Why do we have to stay with them?	Negative
I don't want to stay with them	Neutral
A girl will never find a husband wearing like that!	Neutral
I want to be only with people from my region	Neutral
I prefer to spend time with Italians	Neutral
I like that everyone can express their opinion	Positive
Can you give me your mobile phone?	Neutral
Would you like to drink a coffe with me?	Neutral
Despite the veil, your women are more depraved	Negative
I always have problems to communicate with European women!	Positive
We usually meet our wife for the first time during the weeding	Neutral
I don't tolerate that the women have to wear the veil	Negative
My friends' experiences with women ended very badly	Negative
I have never had any interactions with Italian girl	Neutral
I really appreciate that you're trying to integrate our communities	Negative
European women have more freedom	Neutral
For me, there aren't any differences between Christian and Muslim girls	Negative
We use to marry our cousine	Negative
Marriages are usually forced by our parents	Neutral
I don't think that our culture would ever find a compromise	Neutral
I don't understand why women should work	Negative
The girls in this country don't demonstrate respect for the men	Negative
I just want to be accepted	Neutral
The girls should at least cover the hair	Neutral
I don't want a girlfriend from this country	Neutral
I wish there was no more prejudice	Negative
Would you like to have a coffee with me?	Neutral
I prefer some tea	Neutral
I would like to have a coffee with you	Neutral
You were late! You don't have any respect for me	Negative
What do you think about this situation?	Neutral
How could it be possible that they have this behaviour!?	Neutral
What do you think about policians?	Neutral
Do you think that this is correct?	Neutral
Do you think that this is normal?	Neutral
Would you like to have more mosques?	Neutral
They cause only crime!	Negative
I wish they could find a job easily!	Negative
Italians receive their houses for free!	Positive
The immigrants can only ruin my country!	Negative
The Italians don't understand our situation	Negative
I would like to increase the video surveillance	Neutral
The police has to send them back to their country	Neutral
Building more mosques means more terrorism	Neutral
This is the only way to avoid that immigrants to steal our work!	Negative
The immigrants are invading my country	Neutral
I would like to find a way to integrate immigrants in our country	Negative
Shut up! You get money from my country but I don't have any money for myself!	Negative
This idea is awesome	Positive
Politicians are behaving very badly!	Negative
Police forces are doing their work at least	Neutral
All immigrants should be thrown out of the country	Negative
They should do this more frequently	Neutral
My country is paying enough money to support the immigrants	Negative
I think some people are very ignorant	Negative
The police forces are careless	Negative
I would like to see more mosques built here	Negative
It is necessary to build more reception centres to help those people	Neutral
Respect the rules	Neutral
These rules do not make any sense	Neutral
Of you mess it, clean it	Negative
Nobody respect the rules here	Positive
You are not my boss	Neutral
This is not my home	Negative
I do not understand how to do it	Neutral
You do not respect me	Negative
Clean up here	Positive
It is not my duty	Negative
If everyone respect the rules there wouldn't be any problems	Neutral
In my country, you can't do that	Negative
You must wait in the queue	Neutral
I will nevere become an Italian citizen	Neutral
You will never have the right to become an Italian citizen	Neutral
You stole!	Neutral
You behave in this way only because I am a migrants	Negative
I skip the queue	Negative
I call the police	Neutral
That is useless	Negative
The bureaucracy is a problem	Neutral
Hello	Neutral
Hi	Neutral
See you soon	Positive
Talking with you was a waste of time	Negative
I hope we will never meet again	Neutral
Thank you	Neutral
I hope we will meet again	Neutral
It was interesting talking to you	Positive
It wasn't nice to talk to you	Negative
Where are you from?	Neutral
How are you?	Neutral
You?	Neutral
Where?	Neutral
What?	Neutral
Why?	Negative
What are you doing!?	Neutral
What are you saying!?	Neutral
Where is the problem?	Neutral
What are looking for here? Come back to your country	Neutral
Do you really think that I will do it?	Neutral
Yes	Neutral
Fine	Neutral
Ok	Neutral
Doesn't matter	Neutral
Absolutely no!	Negative
You are right	Neutral
I don't feel well	Negative
No	Negative
I don't know	Neutral
I couldn't care less	Negative
I don't care	Negative
Me too	Neutral
I am sorry	Negative
Go back to your country!	Neutral
I don't like your behaviour	Negative
I am from Italy	Neutral
I am from Asia	Neutral
I am from Africa	Neutral
You disgust me	Neutral
I made a mistake	Negative
I don't want to mix the cultures	Neutral
I don't want to continue this conversation	Neutral
Do you have any problems to approach girls from this country?	Neutral
Why do we have to stay with them?	Negative
I don't want to stay with them	Neutral
A girl will never find a husband wearing like that!	Neutral
I want to be only with people from my region	Neutral
I prefer to spend time with Italians	Neutral
I like that everyone can express their opinion	Positive
Can you give me your mobile phone?	Neutral
Muslim women do not understand anything	Negative
Despite the veil, your women are more depraved	Negative
I always have problems to communicate with European women!	Positive
I don't tolerate that the women have to wear the veil	Negative
My friends' experiences with women ended very badly	Negative
In this way women respect their faith	Positive
Respect my culture, as I respect yours	Positive
You do not understand: that's our culture	Neutral
I have never had any interactions with Italian girl	Neutral
I really appreciate that you're trying to integrate our communities	Negative
European women have more freedom	Neutral
For me, there aren't any differences between Christian and Muslim girls	Negative
I don't think that our culture would ever find a compromise	Neutral
I don't understand why women should work	Negative
The girls in this country don't demonstrate respect for the men	Negative
The girls should at least cover the hair	Neutral
I don't want a girlfriend from this country	Neutral
I wish there was no more prejudice	Negative
I go for a walk	Neutral
I am sure that this is migrants fault!	Negative
I just want to be accepted	Neutral
You have no respect for my city	Negative
Italians have many prejudices	Neutral
I will put the banana peel in this trash, altought it's not my fault	Negative
I respect your city and I would like to be accepted	Positive
Italians always think that the migrants are the guilties!	Neutral
It's not my fault	Negative
Come back to your country	Neutral
It's your fault!	Neutral
The migrants dirty my city!	Neutral
The girl close to me put the banana peel on the ground	Neutral
Why do you have to think that it is my fault?	Negative
Someone throwed the trash on the ground	Negative
Hi, could you please…	Positive
No, I don't talk with you	Neutral
Thanks a lot for your help	Positive
You are too stupid	Negative
You don't understand: I just want to know the directions for the station!	Negative
Go straight till the end of this street, then turn left!	Neutral
I can show you the right way	Positive
I can come with you	Positive
Go away!	Neutral
I am lost	Neutral
Why are you disturbing me?	Negative
I would like to know the directions for the train station	Neutral
Could you help me?	Neutral
Stop begging for money	Neutral
Look, i am not asking for money	Negative
Give me the bike's documents	Positive
I am tired to be considered a thief	Negative
The police has stopped me 10 times already	Negative
There are other people with the bike, why did you stop me?	Negative
Why are you blaming me?	Negative
You stole this bike!	Positive
Why do you think so?	Negative
You are a thief!	Neutral
You, migrants, have to stop to steal	Negative
That bike is very nice!	Very positive
I can show you the receipt!	Positive
This is my bike	Neutral
I did not steal the bike!	Neutral
I am going for a bike ride!	Positive
